update sfe (#14)
mcclowes/docs-test: docs/sync-for-expenses/sync-process/syncing-expenses.md

The sync process includes fetching the transactional datasets from the data cache, validating and mapping the data, and then pushing it to the accounting platform. 

:::tip Datasets

> Sync's are independent of creating datasets, so you can continue to create new datasets whilst a sync is ongoing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syncs are independent of creating datasets, so you can continue to create new datasets while a sync is ongoing.
```
